chore: release version 15.4.1 (#1741)
IgniteUI/igniteui-cli: CHANGELOG.md

# 15.4.1 (2026-06-26)

## What's Changed

> * **fix(cli):** Add missing font and materials icon imports in the index.html; Add the provideAnimations provider import to the providers in the app.config.ts file. [#1740](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-cli/pull/1740)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **fix(schematics):** `ng add igniteui-angular`/`cli-config` correctly adds default font and materials icon links in the index.html and provideAnimations to the providers in the app.config.ts file. [#1740](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-cli/pull/1740)
```
